ever since I first played the Tony Hawk
games everything about how all of the
games possibly takes place in the same
universe after 12 years of playing I
finally found out how they can all be
connected let's enter an alternate
universe called the tonal Hawking
universe this fear will cover every Tony
Hawk game a binary stop except for
spin-offs the first game in this
timeline is Tony Hawk's on the ground
Tony Hawk's Underground takes place from
late 2003 to 2004 how do we know the
first thing I notice is that you can see
the game - not for a scale for on your
scariest desktop in the beginning of
Tony Hawk's Underground this also means
that the pro skater games are all
fictional games in the Tony Hawk
universe hi you also enter Tampa am 2004
which makes it pretty obvious that the
game takes place from late 2003 to early
meanwhile the events in underground
takes place project 8 starts off now you
might be wondering where the town in
project 8 is on a map and I'll get to
that later in Tony Hawk's on the ground
you and they expire become pro skaters
they start out as amateurs but after he
has a short time they become the best
skaters in the world in project 8 Eric
Sparrow is in the top 200 list of best
skaters in town and in Tony Hawk's card
states Tony Hawk is looking for
undiscovered talent that explains
perfectly why he appears in Tampa June
Tampa and in Tony Hawk's Underground I
mean why would he be there otherwise
Riley Hawk wasn't there so he both meets
you and Eric there the Aventine project
8 must therefore begin after Tampa and
2004 because Eric appears on the top 200
list immediately he came second in Tampa
AM which explains why he is on the list
from the start of project 8 after Tampa
I'm Tana completely disappears for no
reason and makes his comeback in Moscow
when you completed - knocks on the
ground you and Erica ranked as two of
the best skaters in the world in the
ending of my product Dave Eric is 6
which means that this is where project 8
ends as well shortly after on the ground
or destruction tour begins your skater
gets kidnapped in New Jersey and
possibly wakes up in Woodland Hills it
is said that the famous
warehouse is in Woodland Hills
California but if mr. custom skater was
kidnapped from New Jersey it would take
exactly 41 hours to drive to Woodland
Hills that would be an incredible
distance but could still work because
Tony Hawk and most other pro skaters
lives in California Tony Hawk elizacass
ban which is only two hours away and yet
he probably takes the product plane when
you're aware house or a training acid is
called internal Oksana Grande - Tony
Hawk talks about that the best skaters
in the world gets participated in world
destruction tour
Eric Sparrow is also there this means
that Eric is still one of the best
skiers as well as you during the tour a
producer called nigel beaver house and
wants to film the whole tour and reveals
in new orleans that he filmed it all
keep this in mind in Australia Eric gets
eliminated from the tour and states that
he doesn't have a ticket home we don't
see Eric later in the game in Tony
Hawk's program Eric lives in Baltimore
this means that he must have been sent
home or something or that he was only
joking but why would he move to
Baltimore did you just want to get rid
of mr. customs gear and move to a new
place we don't know but he must have had
a good reason
it is stated that Lance only is his
backyard which must mean that he has
been living there for quite some time
my guess would be around the year there
are lots of different pollsters in Tony
Hawk's program referring to other Tony
Hawk in how long does it take per move
to be released in cinemas the editing
takes around the year if it's not The
Hobbit first there's a poster of a new
movie being released called world
destruction tour nigel beaver house and
Tony Hawk and Friends presents this
can't be no other than the tour in
underground - also Hawking your skater
improving them know about Eric he has
never met him before and he's a kid from
Philly so Eric must be famous also he
has his own big car so he must have made
it to the top again and under big
connection Tony Hawk's program which is
the product date is the fun park poster
there are a few pulses representing fun
Park from Tony Hawk park date in Tony
Hawk's forum this must mean that it's
very popular there are how our know
other things similar to product date
which I can find in program but this
leads us to the question where you say
is tan
productive the pulse is from Fountain
Park can only be seen in Philly which
must mean that the town can be too far
away I know there's nothing called
traveling in Tony Hawk's program since
it only takes 30 seconds to ride a
skateboard from Baltimore to Washington
DC which would in real life take four
hours if you had speed of a bicycle but
my suggestion is that the world in
product aid could be summer in New
Jersey since it's one hour away with the
car it's a good guess but also since
Tony Hawk's Underground takes place in
New Jersey at first and that Tony Hawk
in-product date is looking for the top
eight skaters in town he could possibly
mean New Jersey which explains why Eric
is on the top two on the list in product
date that also explains why Tony Hawk
was in Tampa other skated from New
Jersey we're probably also going there
and after all part date is organized by
Tony Hawk no one else the first poster
you may notice in Tony Hawk's Proving
Ground is a poster of the American
wasteland magazine in Tony Hawk's
American wasteland mindy writes a
scathing magazine called american
wasteland
this must be the ad for a skating
magazine it resembles the exact same
logo as magazine she's fighting in the
game it can't be a commercial for gaming
this means that the events in American
wasteland must have happened reasonably
Mindy's skateboarding magazine could
have been published quick after the
Amazon Tony Hawk's American wasteland
happens and then have been released
however we do know that Tony Hawk's
American wasteland takes place in the
same universe as Pollock program because
the fictional mill company called cub
can be seen in both games
I have only found a few things which
supports the fact that the MC in
American wasteland took place in 2005
but still it's very possible also to
long summer camp wasteland was released
in 2005 so the Tony Hawk game universe
first begins with Tony Hawk's on the
ground in October 2003 Tampa a.m. tutors
for was in January and at that time Tony
Hawk's birth date starts off in New
Jersey in March 2004 both game ends
shortly after in October to install war
destruction tour begins and ends in
November the same year summer during
spring into the spy - knocks Marik and
wastes lampkins and the game answering
summer in August
in October this is five so our program
begins and it's the last game in the
Tony Hawk gaming universe so guys there
we go that's my fear about how all the
soma hot games are connected
please share your opinions and if you
got any questions about it then don't
mind asking I'll answer anything that's
related as I said the only games that
are included are the story based games
by Neversoft and partly the Proust
Gilligan's we know that they are
fictional in this universe due to their
appearances actual games in the story
based Tony Hawk caves the UH Christophe
appears non fictional like the world
instruction tour poster thank you so
much for watching if you want to read
the fear there's a link in the
description